{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\qc\kerning1\b\f0\fs26\lang1033 Positive results and experiences with NOVAVAX\b0\fs24\par
\par
Compiled by Kevin Alan Brook on June 11, 2025\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\b\par
\par
Peer-reviewed scientific studies show that Novavax's protein-based vaccine helps the body fight COVID-19. reduces hospitalizations and deaths, and even prevents infections to an extent.  Full FDA approval of this vaccine is warranted.\b0\par
\par
\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sa283 "Efficacy and Safety of NVX-CoV2373 in Adults in the United States and Mexico" in \i The New England Journal of Medicine\i0 , December 15, 2021, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2116185 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2116185\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\tab "All the cases reported in NVX-CoV2373 recipients were mild in severity, whereas 14 moderate-to-severe cases (10 moderate and 4 severe) occurred in the placebo group, yielding a vaccine efficacy against moderate-to-severe Covid-19 of 100% (95% CI, 87.0 to 100) (Table S7). Vaccine efficacy against severe Covid-19 alone (4 cases) was 100% (95% CI, 34.6 to 100 in a post hoc analysis)."\par
\par
\par
"Protein vaccine NVX-CoV2373 elicits functional T cell immunity" in\i  The Journal of Clinical Investigation\i0 , October 3, 2022, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.jci.org/articles/view/163614 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.jci.org/articles/view/163614\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\tab "These findings indicate that the protein-based vaccine NVX-CoV2373 induces robust T cell immunity capable of recognizing SARS-CoV-2 antigens and supporting humoral immune responses."\par
\par
\par
"Vaccine efficacy of NVX-CoV2373 against SARS-CoV-2 infection in adolescents in the USA: an ancillary study to a phase 3, observer-blinded, randomised, placebo-controlled trial" in \i The Lancet Microbe\i0 , April 2025, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanmic/article/PIIS2666-5247(24)00245-3/fulltext }}{\fldrslt{https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanmic/article/PIIS2666-5247(24)00245-3/fulltext\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\tab "Among adolescents participating in the PREVENT-19 trial during the delta (B.1.617.2) variant wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, the NVX-CoV2373 vaccine was highly efficacious against SARS-CoV-2 infection regardless of symptoms, indicating its potential to reduce the reservoir of infections that contribute to community transmission."\par
\par
\par
"Safety and immunogenicity of four sequential doses of NVX-CoV2373 in adults and adolescents: A phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial (PREVENT-19)" in \i Vaccine\i0 , August 13, 2025, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0264410X25006590 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0264410X25006590\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\tab "In both adults and adolescents, additional doses of NVX-CoV2373 increased nAb titers, anti-rS IgG levels, and hACE2-RBI; durable responses were recorded 8 months post 3rd dose. nAb responses post 3rd dose were noninferior to those post primary series. Cross-reactivity to BA.5 and BQ.1.1 variants was also observed, with anti-rS IgG levels post 3rd or 4th dose exceeding previously reported correlates of protection. Additional doses of NVX-CoV2373 were well tolerated, with no new safety signals."\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Administration of the Novavax's COVID-19 vaccine increases good antibodies much more than the COVID-19 mRNA vaccines by Pfizer and Moderna and the discontinued viral vector vaccine by Johnson & Johnson.\b0\par
\par
\par
Blueredant wrote the following comment to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/175n490/will_one_dose_of_novavax_be_enough/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/175n490/will_one_dose_of_novavax_be_enough/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24  in October 2023:\par
\par
\tab "From my own experiences and from others\rquote  experiences\'85\par
1 refrigerated novavax = 4000+ Antibodies count (labcorp) (my experience)\par
2 refrigerated novavax = 10000+ Antibodies count (labcorp) (others\rquote  experiences)\par
2 mrna = 2000+ Antibodies count (labcorp) (others\rquote  exoeriences)\par
1 viral vector = 1000+ Antibodies count (labcorp) (others\rquote  experiences)"\par
\par
\par
Bodu wrote the following comment to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://seekingalpha.com/article/4675457-novavax-another-day-older-and-deeper-in }}{\fldrslt{https://seekingalpha.com/article/4675457-novavax-another-day-older-and-deeper-in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24  on March 3, 2024:\par
\par
\tab "Recent efficacy report by the CDC reveals that the infection rate of the mRNA within the first 30-70 days after vaccination is 24-26% on average but a a whopping 28% at 70 days measurement. Almost as unvaccinated ( 38%). On the other hand Novavax excels with only 12% infection rate. Fantastic results that significantly differentiate Novavax from the mRNA in a formal CDC report.\par
Novavax explained the reason for the difference in an article that compared the antibodies response for mRNA vs Novavax. It was found that each mRNA booster significantly increases the bad antibodies IgG 4 (correlated with inflammation and adverse events) and reduces the good antibodies IgG 3 ( that protects against respiratory diseases-Covid)"\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Novavax's COVID-19 vaccine usually results in fewer and less severe side effects compared to the COVID-19 mRNA vaccines by Pfizer and Moderna and the discontinued vaccine by Johnson & Johnson.  Americans must continue to have the Novavax option for both the primary series and for use as an annual or semi-annual booster.\b0\par
\par
\par
"The Novavax Heterologous Coronavirus Disease 2019 Booster Demonstrates Lower Reactogenicity Than Messenger RNA: A Targeted Review" in \i The Journal of Infectious Diseases\i0 , August 15, 2024, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://academic.oup.com/jid/advance-article/doi/10.1093/infdis/jiad519/7441959 }}{\fldrslt{https://academic.oup.com/jid/advance-article/doi/10.1093/infdis/jiad519/7441959\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\tab "The results of different trials and real-world evidence have shown that the NVX-CoV2373 heterologous booster was associated with reduced incidence and severity of local and systemic adverse events compared with mRNA-1273 and BNT162b2."\par
\par
\par
"The immunogenicity, reactogenicity, and safety of a bivalent mRNA or protein COVID-19 vaccine given as a fourth dose" in \i Journal of Infection\i0 , March 2025, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0163445325000416 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0163445325000416\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\tab "The frequency of any local and systemic reactions (grades 1\f1\endash 4) was higher for the Moderna vaccine (159/177; 89.8%) compared to the Novavax vaccine (130/176; 73.9%). Serious reactions (grade 3\endash 4) between the groups were similar (11/177; 6.2%, versus 9/176; 5.1%, respectively).\f0 "\par
\par
\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sa283 "SHIELD-Utah Study Shows Novavax's COVID-19 Vaccine Induces Lower Reactogenicity Symptoms Compared to mRNA", April 15, 2025, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://ir.novavax.com/press-releases/2025-04-15-SHIELD-Utah-Study-Shows-Novavaxs-COVID-19-Vaccine-Induces-Lower-Reactogenicity-Symptoms-Compared-to-mRNA }}{\fldrslt{https://ir.novavax.com/press-releases/2025-04-15-SHIELD-Utah-Study-Shows-Novavaxs-COVID-19-Vaccine-Induces-Lower-Reactogenicity-Symptoms-Compared-to-mRNA\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\tab "On average, Novavax recipients experienced 1.7 symptoms versus 2.8 systemic symptoms in Pfizer-BioNTech recipients; 43.8% of Pfizer-BioNTech recipients experienced at least one symptom of Grade 2 or higher compared to 24.2% of Novavax recipients. Local reactogenicity events also showed an absolute difference of 12.5% fewer in Novavax recipients versus Pfizer-BioNTech recipients. The impact of symptoms on daily activities, including work, showed the hours of reduced activity were lower in Novavax recipients versus Pfizer-BioNTech recipients (mean=0.7 vs 1.4h and mean=0.8 vs 2.4h for missed work and less productivity, respectively)."\par
\par
\i\par
\i0 I can personally attest that I had no side effects from my two Novavax boosters whereas my initial vaccination with Johnson & Johnson's Ad26.COV2.S caused me extreme fatigue for a full day along with some muscle pain and a brief chill.  I have not had the Pfizer or Moderna injections so I cannot personally compare them to Novavax but I have read the comparative experiences of numerous others (copied below).\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sa283\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/16z8hfs/side_effects_of_updated_novavax/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/16z8hfs/side_effects_of_updated_novavax/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab princess20202020 said:\par
My family and I have had zero side effects from Novavax other than soreness at the injection site. My son got so sick from every MRNA shot, like 2-3 days of delirious fever, but has no reaction at all to novavax. \par
Edit to add that I had minor side effects from mRNA\f1\emdash\f0 mostly just tiredness and feeling kind of weird. But nothing at all from my two novavax shots last winter. \par
\tab Training-Earth-9780 said:\par
Moderna was really rough on me (I will never get Moderna again) and Novavax was nothing. Also, I had my antibody counts tested after and Moderna gave me less while Novavax gave me significantly more.\par
\tab wingsofgrey said:\par
I had 3 mrna and 3 Novavax and 2 Novavax I felt absolutely nothing other than soreness at injection site for half a day. 3 rd novavax was a mild fatigue for about 2 days but not even worth comparing to how awful the mrna was. I was able to go about my day but took things more slowly than usual. \par
\tab OptimalStructure7110 said:\par
mRNA vaccine is garbage. My initial round was Pfizer. It let me sick for 1 week after second shot. Moreover, I was infected COVID 3 months after 2nd shot. I got Novavax booster this June. It is great. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/178go5c/side_effects_better_than_mrna/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/178go5c/side_effects_better_than_mrna/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab thatjacob said:\par
mRNA usually kicks my ass with a fever and severe fatigue for 24-48 hours. Usually closer to 24. \par
Novavax made me feel mild fatigue for about 6 hours. \par
\tab Available_Worth2538 said:\par
I had Moderna before I switched to Novavax. With Moderna I had the 2\rdblquote  red bullseye for 2 weeks at the injection site plus fatigue and 100 degree temp for 24-36 hours. With Novavax, just mild tenderness at the injection site and mild fatigue for a few hours. \par
\tab shoreline11 said:\par
Previously I had 4 Moderna shots and fever,chills, extreme fatigue for a minimum of 48 hours and then ongoing fatigue for weeks with joint aches. Just had Novavax booster 24 hours ago. I have a slightly sore arm and I took a nap. \par
\tab Noam_Gramsci said:\par
2nd Pfizer sent me to Urgent care. I was down and out for 10 days.\par
I got my Nova booster yesterday and I've had zero side effects other than sore arm. \par
\tab curlyqtips said:\par
I had horrific reactions to my five Modernas, fever spiking over 103, exhaustion, bruising. \par
The Novavax shot stung my arm immediately and felt wonky for about an hour, then subsided into tenderness. I have slept most of the day and feel slightly chilled 24 hours in. NOTHING like Moderna! \par
\tab ImpossiblePlace4570 said:\par
For all my Moderna shots I was down for at least a day if not more and felt it for a while. Very sore arm, fever. I got Novavax on Sat am and had no discernible reaction. Maybe a little sleepy? Barely any arm soreness. \par
\tab memmaclone said:\par
I got bad side effects from both pfizer and moderna. Fever, fatigue, nausea, and muscle aches so bad I was literally in tears, and the injection site got red and swollen and hot to the touch. The side effects got worse and lasted longer with each shot. I had to schedule them on Fridays after work so that I could lie on the couch all weekend. \par
Just got novavax yesterday morning. The only side effects have been mild soreness and warmth at the injection site, and I didn't sleep too well last night (possibly unrelated). It's been no worse than an average flu vaccine for me. I highly recommend it! \par
\tab _abracadubra said:\par
Can confirm I had a much better experience on Novavax vs mRNA vaccines. I got my Novavax booster shot on Monday 10/16. \par
I felt pretty normal 24 hours post-vaccination. I would say at the 24-48 hour mark (yesterday) I felt pretty tired and sluggish, some achiness/soreness in joints and muscles, and experienced some pain at the injection site. But that's it, and I'm back to normal today. \par
All in all, I'll gladly take 24-36 hours of a little fatigue and achiness over the 24 hours of a rough fever, massive fatigue, severe achiness, and insomnia that I experienced after my Moderna boosters. I also know a lot of people who were hit hard by the mRNA boosters this year, with anxiety (???) as a strange side effect in multiple people I know. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1792xju/no_side_effects_from_my_nova_booster/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1792xju/no_side_effects_from_my_nova_booster/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab lapetitepoire said:\par
Same!! I got Novavax this time because Moderna laid me out for 2 days with aches, chills and a fever....like mini-covid. I went to work and felt fine today, got my shot yesterday afternoon. Took some ibuprofen preventatively just in case. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1768ak0/want_to_know_what_to_expect_with_side_effects/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1768ak0/want_to_know_what_to_expect_with_side_effects/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab hearmeout29 said:\par
Just got my first novavax after only getting moderna and I have decided to cross over permanently in the future. It is a lot better as I virtually had no side effects besides sore arm and minimal fatigue. It has been 48 hours and I missed no work because of it versus the moderna that made me miss 2-3 days after each dose. \par
\tab Sansability2 said:\par
I had strong side effects from Pfizer and Moderna. Fever, chills, nausea, awful headache all kicking in around 12 hours post-shot and lasting around 24 hours. I just had the Novavax for the first time about 18 hours ago (in part to help with side effects, and partly to broaden protection). I have a sore arm, I am kind of tired, and my temp is one degree higher than usual. But no headache, nausea or fever. I can work today just fine. I hope your experience is similar!\par
\tab John-Doe-Jane said:\par
I had 2 primary mRNA. Terrible side effects. Terrible arm pain, chest pains, and headache for 7 days. \par
I have had 3 Novavax with little to no side effects. I will never take mRNA again.)\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17bcj12/my_vax_schedule/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17bcj12/my_vax_schedule/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab essbie_ said:\par
Side note - all those primary shots & boosters took me OUT. For my first Moderna booster I was bedridden for A WEEK. To this day I have vertigo flare ups, which I never experienced prior to these mRNA vaccines, until the day after my first Pfizer shot. I\rquote m as pro-vax as they come but I wish I had known about Novavax earlier. With the Novavax shot, all I experienced was a sore arm and that was it! Beautiful. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17d3cxi/how_are_folks_who_reacted_to_mrna_but_switched_to/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17d3cxi/how_are_folks_who_reacted_to_mrna_but_switched_to/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab AndISoundLikeThis   said:\par
I was 5x vaccinated with Moderna before switching to Novavax due to the increasingly awful side effects of Moderna.* I received my Novavax this past Wednesday around noon. No side effects until the next morning which were basically some annoying muscle aches and a general sense of malaise. These side effects were done by Friday morning. With Moderna, the side effects (fever, severe fatigue, severe muscle aches) kicked in on hour 12 past the initial vaccine and lasted between 24-48 hours (the last vaccine was the longest I had the side effects). So, the Novavax, for me, wasn't without issue, but the symptoms were much milder than with the Moderna. \par
\tab spoiledrichwhitegirl said:\par
I was severely allergic to Moderna & had a bad reaction to Pfizer. I started over last year with NovaVax & it was a world of difference. I can\rquote t speak to the new nova shot, but I will be getting it shortly. NovaVax was night & day compared to the others. I only had a sore arm for shot 1 & shot 2 did have more swelling & mild side effects, but nothing that was full on debilitating like Pfizer or Moderna. Not even close. \par
\tab EvanMcD3 said:\par
I had long and intense typical flu-like side effects from both Pfizer and Moderna. Got Novavax and experienced fewer and much less intense side effects. \par
Got Novavax about 4:15 PM on a Thursday. At 10:25 PM felt hot. At 10:40 PM felt a feverish mesmerized haze but didn't take my temperature because I was too tired. At 1:15 AM, noticed I felt better. I had been reading. Had trouble falling asleep due to tiny muscle cramps. I don't know how much of this was caused by the vaccine or my not having done stretching exercises for the past two days. The muscle cramps were atypical for me, tiny area of a shin muscle that never has cramped, and not as intense as usual. On Friday, I was fatigued and got 10 hours sleep. It's Saturday 1:48 PM now and I've been up for a few hours feeling well rested but don't know how the rest of the day will go. \par
Added: Felt fine on Saturday except slightly tired. \par
\tab twinklestarchild420 said:\par
ive had 2 pfizer 2 moderna with mild side effects. just got my updated novavax last week and had almost no side effects at all \f1\emdash\f0  just a sore arm\par
\tab rdbmc97 said:\par
My bivalent Moderna sent me into a week-long dysautonomia and POTS flare. With Novavax, I felt tired for one day and that was it!\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17edmyj/great_novavax_experience_after_serious_mrna/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17edmyj/great_novavax_experience_after_serious_mrna/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab toodleoo57 said:\par
Same same, only full blown flulike symptoms, fever, the works for three or four days with both Pfizer and Moderna. \par
Tired for 1 day with Novavax. Amazing! \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17j5j64/1000_better_vax_experience_but/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17j5j64/1000_better_vax_experience_but/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab sendyourspam said:\par
1000% better vax experience but \'85. \par
Prior to yesterday, I had had 1 moderna covid vaccine dose and 3 Pfizer. All of them had horrible side effects for me. Moderna nearly sent me to the hospital for dehydration with all the vomiting and fever. We are talking lying on the floor, unable to get up, unable to call for help, vertigo, the whole 9. So I was cautiously optimistic when I saw Novavax was approved as a booster for omicron. \par
I got my first Novavax dose yesterday at 11:30 am. It\rquote s 11:30 am the next day now and I am fine. Maybe a little tired. But that\rquote s it. Even my arm is barely sore. I CANNOT BELIEVE that there is finally a comparable option that doesn\rquote t beat up your body while creating protection \'85 and hardly anyone is taking it or even knows about it! \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17n6hpp/clots_or_pulmonarycardiac_issues/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/17n6hpp/clots_or_pulmonarycardiac_issues/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab a deleted user wrote:\par
I had a bad reaction to the Pfizer vaccine in 2021, and my doctor told me not to receive the second dose but to wait on the Novavax vaccine. I had to wait a little over a year to receive it, but I had no serious issues with it. The only thing I had was fatigue for a few days and a mild headache. No severe arm pain or vertigo; it was nothing like what I went through with Pfizer. In my opinion, Novavax is the only one that I trust. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/18mli8w/got_my_first_novavax/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/18mli8w/got_my_first_novavax/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Federal_Butterfly said:\par
Got my first Novavax Booster \par
I got 2 Pfizer originally, and was tired and felt that achiness all over like when you have a cold. \par
Then I got 1 Pfizer booster, and it made me super exhausted and I had to skip work the next day. \par
Yesterday I got Novavax and a flu shot at the same time. I was worried they would double up and put me out of commission for a day, but they didn't at all. At worst I felt vaguely light-headed at night, and was totally normal today. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/18n20tp/got_my_novavax_at_costco/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/18n20tp/got_my_novavax_at_costco/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Funk_street said:\par
Just got my Novavax at Costco today. This is Cornavirus shot # 5 for me... previous shots were all Pfizer. (2 primary, +2 boosters - 1 year apart). Had horrible side effects with the Pfizer shots each time. Interested to see how the Novavax plays out. Have not ever caught covid... yet \par
UPDATE: Side effects: minor sore arm at the injection site (nothing crazy), felt run down for about an hour or two the day of the shot. Again, nothing major, was still up doing stuff, just went to bed a little early. Next day into today: nothing! No side effects at all. I can sort of feel that my immune system is responding, if that makes any sense, but I can definitely work and do normal things. For me personally, this has been an awesome experience compared to the (4) Pfizer shots. The Pfizer shots knocked me out for a couple days each time with bad fever, chills, etc. Not the case with Novavax... but YMMV everyone's different.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/18n7ky0/advice/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/18n7ky0/advice/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab PuzzleheadedRole1329 said:\par
I can speak from my experience... I got 2 mrna shots in the beginning ( mandated ). I had terrible side effects I never got side effects from any medication or any vaccine before. So last year I got novavax with NO side effects and never cought covid. Again 6 weeks ago me and my elderly father got novavax neither of us had any side effects. \par
\tab No-Middle2939 said:\par
All my three prior shots were Pfizer. With last shot that was first booster I got "Moderra Arm" which is considered a delayed allergic reaction. That is a hard, red, and swollen arm with a rash. Had COVID last year and developed Tinnitus. \par
Did not want another mRNA vaccine so investigated Novavax. I got Novavax in the opposite arm than prior ones about 1.5 weeks ago @ Costco. I have had no side effects from Novavax and Tinnitus has not changed at all. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1axtoeb/getting_first_novavax_shot_tomorrow/krqfroj/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1axtoeb/getting_first_novavax_shot_tomorrow/krqfroj/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Revolutionary-Dot523 said:\par
I have had side effects from the mRNA vaccines (hives, myocarditis/pericarditis, malaise etc) but just a sore shoulder for a day or two after multiple Novavax shots. I feel it is safer and better in the long run. Rest easy. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1d51uw5/did_anyone_else_have_absolutely_zero_side_effects/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1d51uw5/did_anyone_else_have_absolutely_zero_side_effects/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab real_nice_guy said:\par
So I got my novavax shot this week, I was able to locate basically the last vial in my city thankfully. I specifically sought it out because I had an awful reaction to Pfizer about 2 years ago. Very high blood pressure/heart rate, followed by a month-long headache and feeling dreadful until it eventually cleared up. This Novavax shot is my second ever covid vaccine since the Pfizer one scared me off them until a new one came along. \par
I haven't had any side effects at all that I know of, no heart rate issues, no fever, or tiredness, not even a sore arm, is this normal? \par
\tab R-Tally said:\par
I (novid) have had two Novavax boosters. No side affects or other reactions from the shots. When I got the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines, I took ibuprophen. When I did not take it, I got the shakes and chills, but they quickly stopped after taking ibuprophen. \par
\tab Plague-Analyst-666 said:\par
Horrible reactions to Pf, absolutely nothing with Novavax.\par
\tab Later, at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1dft649/dr_marks_knows_best_or_not/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1dft649/dr_marks_knows_best_or_not/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24  real_nice_guy wrote:\par
Pfizer kicked my ass for a month and Novavax had zero side effects and within 13 days of taking it, I had an antibody test that showed I had over 7500AU/mL of antibodies and my immune system wasn't even done rolling out antibodies, so I'm sticking with Novavax for life (I also haven't been infected with COVID because I wear an N95 everywhere and my last vaccine was in 2021 so the test was accurate to the vaccine). I'm fairly certain that with Pfizer I had an issue with the nano lipid delivery system as I read a study that it can stay in the body for up to 30 days somehow, which is a crazy long time to have an adjuvant bouncing around. \par
The zero side effects thing with Novavax actually had me posting in this very subreddit asking if other people didn't have any side effects because I didn't even have a sore arm, which is crazy. I thought perhaps I hadn't even had it lool. But I did confirmed with the antibody test. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1d287ly/nervousscared/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1d287ly/nervousscared/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab gl694 said:\par
I had no reaction to this shot. Had terrible pain with the Pfizer. I\rquote m a sample of one, take it with a grain of salt\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1dem6p5/does_novavax_have_the_heartproblems_ive_heard/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1dem6p5/does_novavax_have_the_heartproblems_ive_heard/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Odd_Cockroach_5793 said:\par
I have a heart condition took the primary series of Moderna suffered from palpitations. Took two boosters of Novavax my heart has responded well to them . There is no debate between the two \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1eywmuo/your_local_epidemiologist_aug_22_substack/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1eywmuo/your_local_epidemiologist_aug_22_substack/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab robotawata said:\par
I'm getting ready to get my 3rd novavax when the updated version comes out. I got frustrating side effects from most of my mRNA shots and suspect they made my lingering, unbearable post COVID fatigue worse. No side effects from novavax and studies I've looked over more closely made me think it was at least as good as mRNA and jj.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1fmguzs/changing_my_mind_about_mrna_vaccines/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1fmguzs/changing_my_mind_about_mrna_vaccines/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab sunqueen73 said:\par
'Pfizer vaccine was detected in lymph nodes 60 days after vaccination,' \par
I took 4 others shots. Three of those times, the gland under my injection side under arm and collarbone blew up to a small walnut size. The non-injection side lymphs were smaller but could be easily felt if you ran your hand across the areas. I suffer through that for 2 weeks plus a sore arm that goes on for a month. Prior to that I'm dealing with swollen lymph AND fevers, muscle aches, sweats, etc for the 5 previous days! \par
Novavax, I had small symptoms and was done in 3 days. Smh \par
\tab andshewas89 said:\par
My left underarm gland swelled to similar size and stayed that way for over a year. \par
The doc said that they were seeing it in others too, but they still had me go through multiple ultrasound to ensure it was not suspicious for cancer... it was a frustrating experience! \par
No lymph issues after my Novavax last week! \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1fon1dy/side_effects_this_year/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1fon1dy/side_effects_this_year/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab lalabin27 wrote on September 24, 2024:\par
Yeah I got it [Novavax] yesterday and feel fatigued today.. no where near as bad as how Moderna used to get me tho \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1g2u4az/i_got_my_novavax_on_friday/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1g2u4az/i_got_my_novavax_on_friday/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Left_Percentage_527 wrote on October 13, 2024:\par
I got my novavax on Friday! It was my first non MRNA vaccine, and the difference in side effects was startling. My Pfizer and Moderna shots always gave me a fever and chills that night, and for two days i would feel like somone beat me with a hammer. Following my novavax, i slept much later than normal, and had some slight gastrointestinal upset. On Saturday, i felt a bit tired, and took it easy,\'85..bu thats it! The difference was night and day.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/ZeroCovidCommunity/comments/1iarks5/is_the_vaccine_supposed_to_suck_so_bad/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/ZeroCovidCommunity/comments/1iarks5/is_the_vaccine_supposed_to_suck_so_bad/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab flug32 wrote:\par
I was pretty under the weather for a couple of days after taking Pfizer, pretty much every time and for every booster. I'm about the same after getting something like a flu shot. However, not nearly to the degree you were - that sounds terrible! \par
But I do think having some degree of immune reaction after these, or most any vaccine, is fairly common - though yours sound on the extreme end of things. \par
I did get Novavax last summer, and had absolutely no reaction to it at all that I noticed. So that might be an option for future vaccinations. \par
\tab Forsaken_Bison_8623 wrote:\par
Same here. And I was a wreck for days after both Pfizer and moderna \par
\tab b4not2b wrote:\par
And Costco! I had zero symptoms with Novavax and terrible ones with Pfizer. I had to pay $300 out of pocket but it was worth it for me \par
\tab elizalavelle wrote:\par
I\rquote ve gotten sick from the mRNA vaccines but have had zero reaction to the Novavax vaccination so that may be an option for you.\par
\tab anabanana100 wrote:\par
I was not functional for a full day after the initial series (Moderna) and first booster. It\rquote s the only vaccine I\rquote ve ever had any reaction to besides sore arm. I tried Pfizer for a booster one year and it was a tiny bit better. \par
In \lquote 23 and \lquote 24 I got Novavax and the reaction was much milder. I even got my flu shot at the same time.\par
\tab SAMEO416 wrote:\par
Novavax. Either of the mRNA shots put me down for a week. Sleeping, painful arm, high fever 103F one time. Novavax is easier that the flu shot, no arm pain, no symptoms. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1iwn9o1/for_anyone_that_got_covid_how_effective_has/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1iwn9o1/for_anyone_that_got_covid_how_effective_has/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Forsaken_Lifeguard85 wrote:\par
I had HORRIBLE side effects from Moderna- some I'm actually still dealing with. I have had 0 side effects from Novavax. \par
\tab GenGen_Bee7351, in answer to a user who asked "Have you had an worsening of your long covid issues or autoimmune diseases since you had the Noravax?", wrote:\par
None whatsoever. With Pfizer however I had an extreme flare up of PMDD for 6+ months. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1j265yk/is_it_too_late_to_get_novavax/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/Novavax_vaccine_talk/comments/1j265yk/is_it_too_late_to_get_novavax/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Unique-Public-8594 wrote:\par
Anecdotal: \par
I was bed ridden for 24 hours after each of my mRNA shots. \par
I\rquote ve had the 3-shot Novavx protocol. \par
After two of these shots I had zero side-effects/symptoms. \par
For the other one, I felt a slight twinge of pain in the arm for less than one second. That\rquote s it.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/ZeroCovidCommunity/comments/1jva0m8/heads_up_cvs_no_longer_has_novavax_and_it_can_be/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/ZeroCovidCommunity/comments/1jva0m8/heads_up_cvs_no_longer_has_novavax_and_it_can_be/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Active-Pause4721 wrote:\par
I just got my second dose of Novavax. Was eager to get it since I had far fewer side effects than pfeizer or Moderna.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reddit.com/r/ZeroCovidCommunity/comments/1jz0t4i/nurse_w_anecdotal_support_of_1way_masking/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reddit.com/r/ZeroCovidCommunity/comments/1jz0t4i/nurse_w_anecdotal_support_of_1way_masking/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab IvyTaraBlair wrote:\par

\pard\sa140\sl276\slmult1\kerning0 [...] (2 of us got LC in 2020; I had a severe reaction to the mRNA*) [...]\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\sa283 *I do great with Novavax, thank goodness\par
\par
{\kerning1{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.facebook.com/CIDRAP/posts/novavax-says-its-covid-vaccine-produces-fewer-milder-reactions-than-pfizer-versi/1251380623654289/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.facebook.com/CIDRAP/posts/novavax-says-its-covid-vaccine-produces-fewer-milder-reactions-than-pfizer-versi/1251380623654289/\ul0\cf0}}}}\kerning1\f0\fs24\par
\tab Laura Seavey wrote on April 17, 2025:\par
I have had J&J, Pfizer, Moderna, and Novavax. I have not had COVID.\par
I had a substantial reaction to J&J, which was expected as it was my first. Novavax however is the only one that did not push me into an autoimmune flare.\par
[...] My flares were mild compared to what COVID would likely have done to me. My disorder affects my lungs and possibly my heart. I have other risk factors as well.\par
I\rquote d make the same choice again, although I am glad there is an alternative to an MNRA vaccine now.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.reuters.com/business/healthcare-pharmaceuticals/fda-delays-novavax-covid-vaccine-approval-patients-fight-back-2025-04-24/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.reuters.com/business/healthcare-pharmaceuticals/fda-delays-novavax-covid-vaccine-approval-patients-fight-back-2025-04-24/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\tab Julie Steenhuysen reported on Salvatore Mattera's experiences:\par
Mattera, 36, of Foster City, California, has had adverse reactions after taking an mRNA vaccine, including numbness in his face severe enough to send him to the hospital ER.\par
After he switched to Novavax - which he has had three times - he has had no negative side effects beyond a sore arm.\kerning0\par
}
 