1. Pharmacotherapy. 2022 Jan;42(1):58-70. doi: 10.1002/phar.2649. Epub 2021 Dec 15.

Role of maternal COVID-19 vaccination in providing immunological protection to 
the newborn.

Jorgensen SCJ(1), Burry L(1)(2)(3), Tabbara N(2).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Medical Science, Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
(2)Department of Pharmacy, Mount Sinai Hospital, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
(3)Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada.

Pregnant and postpartum individuals are known to have an elevated risk of severe 
COVID-19 compared with their non-pregnant counterparts. Vaccination is the most 
important intervention to protect these populations from COVID-19-related 
morbidity and mortality. An added benefit of maternal COVID-19 vaccination is 
transfer of maternal immunity to newborns and infants, for whom a vaccine is not 
(yet) approved. Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 
(SARS-CoV-2)-specific binding and neutralizing antibodies are present in infant 
cord blood and breast milk following natural maternal infection and transfer of 
maternal immunity following COVID-19 vaccination is an area of active research. 
In this review, we synthesize the available research, discuss knowledge gaps, 
and outline factors that should be evaluated and reported when studying the 
transfer of maternal immunity following COVID-19 vaccination. The data reviewed 
herein suggest that maternal SARS-CoV-2-specific binding antibodies are 
efficiently transferred via the placenta and breast milk following maternal mRNA 
COVID-19 vaccination. Moreover, antibodies retain strong neutralizing capacity. 
Antibody concentrations appear to be at least as high in infant cord blood as in 
the maternal serum, but lower in breast milk. Breast milk IgA rises rapidly 
following maternal vaccination, whereas IgG rises later but may persist longer. 
At least two COVID-19 vaccine doses appear to be required to reach maximal 
antibody concentrations in cord blood and breast milk. There is no indication 
that infants consuming breast milk from vaccinated mothers experience serious 
adverse effects, although follow-up is limited. No clear pattern has emerged 
regarding changes in milk supply following maternal vaccination. The 
heterogeneity in important methodological aspects of reviewed studies 
underscores the need to establish standard best practices related to research on 
the transfer of maternal COVID-19 vaccine-induced immunity.

Â© 2021 Pharmacotherapy Publications, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/phar.2649
PMID: 34816467 [Indexed for MEDLINE]