{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
The ACIP\'92s job is to evaluate safety and efficacy based on the data available in making recommendations, and should members with professional and educational backgrounds relevant to immunology. It is wholly inappropriate to have members that have no knowledge or expertise in immunology or have clear biases against a century of established safety and efficacy data for immunizations. ACIP must make recommendations to allow Americans to access to safe and effective vaccines, and not to be swayed by politics or private money. It must not restrict access without clear and overwhelming data. This is the sworn duty, of the CDC and ACIP members to the American people and to the US Constitution. It is not to do the bidding of any one politician, especially if that would harm the public and violate your oath.\
\
It is imperative that Americans continue to have access to safe and effective vaccine options, including for SARS-CoV-2, that protect all Americans who choose to be vaccinated. Vaccines have been shown to be effective on a twice a year schedule at a minimum, for all people, regardless of health status. \
\
Americans should also have access to different types of vaccines that have similar efficacy. For SARS-CoV-2, this would be a choice between mRNA vaccines and protein subunit vaccines. Protein subunit vaccines which have years of safety and efficacy data, should not be required to conduct new clinical trials, as this is not done for any other vaccine that has already conducted those studies and have a track record of safety and efficacy. \
\
Further, the CDC must preserve an independent decision process with ACIP and reverse the decision to remove the recent expert advisors. Members of ACIP must disclose all financial and other conflicts of interest. ACIP must continue to recommend widespread and unhindered access to a wide range of vaccines to protect people of all ages in the US. ACIP must preserve a universal recommendation for COVID vaccines for people of all ages, including children and pregnant people, at least twice annually. }